docs: update regex to custom managers (#29044)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/custom/regex/readme.md

> With `customManagers` you can configure Renovate so it finds dependencies that are not detected by its other built-in package managers.

Reviewer: are we shure about this? this doc page is specific to the regex type of custom manager.

Author: thoughts on adding a new category to https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/#supported-managers for example

| Group 	| Category ID|	Managers|
|-|-|-|
| Custom Managers | `custom` | `regex` |

> With `customManagers` using `regex` you can configure Renovate so it finds dependencies that are not detected by its other built-in package managers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Renovate's built-in package managers may not find all your dependencies.
But you can tell Renovate how to find a missing dependency.
In short: write your own regex, and put the regex in the `customManagers` field.
Read the rest of the page to learn more.
```

How about something like this? Check if this is technically correct before applying. :smile:

Author: 🤷‍♂️

Reviewer 3: Since we are already in the regex manager's readme its fine to call it rege manager directly, I think.

> With `customManagers` using `regex` you can configure Renovate so it finds dependencies that are not detected by its other built-in package managers.

Reviewer 3: Since we are already in the `regex` manager's readme its fine to call it rege manager directly, I think.
